## Content

* `epik_inhibitors.py` - a script that uses the OpenEye toolkit to generate the geometry of the FDA-approved inhibitors from the SMILES representation in `clinical-kinase-inhibitors.csv` and runs Schrodinger's epik on them
* `epik_inhibitors.log` - the `stdout` obtained by running `python epik_inhibitors.py`
* `output` - contains the `mol2` files generated with OpenEye and Epik's output. Each subfolder contains the files relative to a single molecule:
  * `molecule-input.mol2` - this is the `mol2` describing the geometry of the molecule generated by the OpenEye toolkit from its SMILES string. This file is used as the input for Epik.
  * `molecule-epik.sdf` - contains all the protomers and tautomers generated by Epik starting from the conformation in `molecule-input.mol2`. At the bottom of each structure, Epik saves the scores given to each state. The two most important are probably `r_epik_State_Penalty` (overall penalty for the state) and `i_epik_Tot_Q` (total charge of the structure). The properties are described in [Section 4.1, page 32 of Epik's manual](https://hpc.nih.gov/apps/schrodinger/docs-2015-3/epik/epik_user_manual.pdf). The protomers/tautomers are in ascending order of state penalty.
  * `molecule-epik.log` - the log file produced by Epik. It contains a summary of the pKa penalties of all the generated structures for the molecule.
  * `molecule-epik.mol2` - same as `molecule-epik.sdf` but it doesn't contain penalties since `mol2` format doesn't support the annotation of molecule properties. I have included this only in case you prefer to manipulate `mol2` files rather than `sdf`s.
  * `molecule-epik.mae` - same as `molecule-epik.sdf` but in Maestro format.
